Document the user preferences API (#43276)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/preferenceobject/override/index.md

---
title: "PreferenceObject: override property"
short-title: override
slug: Web/API/PreferenceObject/override
page-type: web-api-instance-property
status:
  - experimental
browser-compat: api.PreferenceObject.override
spec-urls: https://drafts.csswg.org/mediaqueries-5/#override-attribute
---

{{APIRef("User Preferences API")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}{{SecureContext_Header}}

The **`override`** read-only property of the {{domxref("PreferenceObject")}} interface returns the override of a preference if one is set, `null` otherwise.

## Value

> The override of the {{domxref("PreferenceObject")}} interface if set, `null` otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The override of the {{domxref("PreferenceObject")}} interface, if set, or `null` if an override is not set.
```
